---
layout: post
title: Regional Multi-person Pose Estimation
categories: [blog ]
description:
comments: true
published: true
header-img: "img/18.jpg"
---

1. Multi-person Pose Estimation

   **challenge** : *localization* and *recognition ( occlusion )*

   **recent approach** : the body parts detected independent and then assemble into poses

   **approach** : globally estimate all parts by investigating holistic person region

   **problems** : tradition **Object detector** + **SPPE** like *Faster-RCNN* + *Stacked Hourglass* doesn't work well. Because of the tolerance of relative big overlap make SPPE doesn't work.

2. mAP *( mean average precision )* on MPII(multi-person) datasetand WAF multi-Person Set

3. **Two-step Framework**

   1) detect diffirent people in the image

   2) predict pose independently

   **Three novel techniques**

   SSTN *( symmetric spatial transformer network , 空间变换网络，DeepMind 2015 )* extract single person region

   DPG *( deep proposal generator )*

   pose NMS *( non-maximum suppression , 非极大抑制 )*

   **The pipeline**

   1) human detector , obtain the human proposals and extend with 20% along h,w to fully contain the single body

   2) SSTN+SPPE , generate pose proposals

   3) Pose NMS , refine the proposals, handle the redundant detections

   4) DPG is designed to augment *(增强)* training samples

4. **16%** relative increase in mPA on MPII , 69.2 mPA

5. In this paper, a regional multi-person pose estimation method is proposed, which can significantly outperform the state-of-the-art method for multi-person human pose estimation in terms of accuracy and efficiency. It validates the potential of the two-step framework, i.e., human detector + SPPE, if SPPE can be adapted to human detector. Towards this end, our RMPE framework consists of three novel techniques: symmetric STN, deep proposals generator and parametric pose NMS. In particular, deep proposals generator is used to largely argument the training data by leveraging the power of deep neural network. The SPPE become robust to human localization errors due to the utilization of symmetric STN. Finally, parametric pose NMS could desirably reduce redundant detections.

6. Although the object detection has achieved substantial progress in recent years, most of human proposals obtained by the existing detector are still not qualified enough to be the input of SPPE. In presence of imperfect human detectors, SPPE should be robust and be able to perform well. In this way, our system can be flexible to different human detectors and SPPEs. As improvement of those two components, the overall multi-person pose estimation will be improved as a final result.
